v8.5 what's new and upgrade guide (#5952)
visgl/deck.gl: docs/whats-new.md

* `getBorderWidth`
* `getBorderColor`

The layer also added support for automatically detecting the characters used in the data. Set `characterSet: 'auto'` to enable this feature.

See [documentation](/docs/api-reference/layers/text-layer.md) for details.

#### Tile3DLayer

> (TODO)

Author: @ibgreen

Reviewer: @belom88 @dryabinin-actionengine Let's suggest a good I3S dataset.

- Tile3DLayer: multiple viewports (#5758)
- Tile3DLayer: segmentation picking (#5757)

> - i3s: support vertex colors (#5756)
> - i3s: support uvRegions (#5760)
> - feat(geo-layers): Private MeshLayer with pbr material support (I3S) (#5761)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Tile3DLayer` now takes full advantage of new features in I3S 1.7 tile sets, including
    - Page nodes (improved performance)
    - Draco compressed meshes (improved performance)
    - Compressed textures (improved performance)
    - PBR materials (#5761)
    - Vertex colors (#5756)
    - UVRegions (#5760)
```

* `getBorderWidth`
* `getBorderColor`

See [documentation](/docs/api-reference/layers/text-layer.md) for details.

#### Tile3DLayer

Tile3DLayer can now be rendered in multiple views. Previously if you use multiple views it was required to create one Tile3DLayer for each view. Using a single layer is more efficient by sharing the tile cache.

The layer now takes full advantage of new features in I3S 1.7 tile sets, including:
  + Picking individual objects inside a tile
  + Page nodes (improved performance)
  + Draco compressed meshes (improved performance)
  + Compressed textures (improved performance)
  + PBR materials
  + Vertex colors
  + UVRegions

#### Other layer improvements

> - `ScatterplotLayer` adds `billboard` mode

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `ScatterplotLayer` adds `billboard` mode
- `TripLayer` adds `fadeTrail` mode
```
